Now that I have a reader in place to read data from a file,
the next step is to create an item processor.
The goal of this processor is to transform patient records into a
format that's suitable for persisting to a database.
Let's look at processors at a high level.
Item processors are where the rubber meets the road for batch.
With item processing,
I want to apply one or more business rules repetitively across a set of data.
As with the demo example,
processing will often transform the incoming data record
into a format for use by other systems.
If I'm batch loading data into a data warehouse,
I might transform records into denormalized data structures.
I might have to call other web services to enhance the
input data before persisting it.
While we added validation at the time of job execution,
item processors might also contain validation,
but at a per-data-record level.
For example,
it's possible that update data from a source system
couldn't be matched to the target database.
In this case, the update might fail or be retried in the next batch run.
In this course,
I'll be focusing on transforming data to be stored into a database.
Let's look at what the target is for that transformation.
I'm displaying the new PatientEntity class that I'll be creating shortly.
This new class will be located in the domain package of the project.
It's just a JPA entity class.
Note that I've annotated the class with the PJA annotations of Entity and Table.
In the next section of the course,
I'll be creating the database schema for this patient table.
For the members of this class, I've added a generated sequential ID field,
otherwise, each field maps to a field in the input record.
Let's create this entity class now.
I'm going to demonstrate creating the PatientEntity class.
Note that I'll be following demo 15 found in the DEMOS.
md file in the root project directory.
For this demo,
I'll show you how to create the PatientEntity JPA class that's going
to be used by the item processor transformation.
In the package com.
Pluralsight.
springbatch.
patientbatchloader.
domain, we're going to create our new class.
We're going to name the class PatientEntity.
I need to start by making the class serializable,
so I'm going to add the interface.
Next, I need to include the JPA annotations.
These annotations decorate this class as representing a JPA entity.
Now we're going to add the entity members.
This is going to be a lot of code,
so I recommend using the demos file to drop in the code.
Again,
each of these attributes that I've added map directly to a
record from the input file with the exception of the Id that
contains the Generated sequence value.
I'm going to scroll down to the birthdate.
Note that unlike the input for the birthdate,
I'll be outputting to the database with the type LocalDate.
I'll be adding that logic in the item processor.
Next, let's add the constructors for the Entity class.
Let's scroll up a bit.
The second constructor contains all fields with the
exception of the generated ID.
I'll use this constructor later for item processing convenience.
Now I need to generate the getters and setters for the members on the class.
I'm going to select all members.
And finally, I want to generate a toString method.
I'm going to do that at the bottom.
Again, I'm going to select all of the members of the class,
and now my PatientEntity class is complete. And that also completes the demo.